doc: clarify rewrites execution order (#93765)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/05-config/01-next-config-js/rewrites.mdx

1. [headers](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/headers) are checked/applied
2. [redirects](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/redirects) are checked/applied
3. [proxy](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/proxy)

> 4. `beforeFiles` rewrites: for each entry, if `source` matches the request, it's rewritten to `destination`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `beforeFiles` rewrites: for each entry, if `source`, `has`, and `missing` matches the request, it's rewritten to `destination`.
```

5. static files from the [public directory](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/public-folder), `_next/static` files, and non-dynamic pages are checked/served

> 6. `afterFiles` rewrites are tried in order. If a `source` matches the request, it's rewritten to `destination`; the first rewrite that resolves to a static file, page, or dynamic route is served.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. `afterFiles` rewrites are tried in order. If a `source`, `has`, and `missing` matches the request, it's rewritten to `destination`; the first rewrite that resolves to a static file, page, or dynamic route is served.
```

> 7. dynamic routes (e.g., `app/blog/[slug]/page.tsx`) are matched against the current path

Author: Proxy's section explicitly calls out this step: https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/proxy#execution-order

> 8. `fallback` rewrites are checked/applied, these are applied before rendering the 404 page and after dynamic routes/all static assets have been checked. If you use [fallback: true/'blocking'](/docs/pages/api-reference/functions/get-static-paths#fallback-true) in `getStaticPaths`, the fallback `rewrites` defined in your `next.config.js` will _not_ be run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. `fallback` rewrites are checked/applied, these are applied before rendering the 404 page and after dynamic routes/all static assets have been checked. If you use [fallback: true/'blocking'](/docs/pages/api-reference/functions/get-static-paths#fallback-true) in `getStaticPaths`, those dynamic routes take priority over the fallback `rewrites` defined in your `next.config.js`.
```
